[12.0][ADD] mass_mailing_custom_unsubscribe_event: Allow to unsubscribe discretely from an event (#555)
OCA/social: mass_mailing_custom_unsubscribe/readme/CONFIGURE.rst

#. Create / edit / remove / sort as usual.
#. If *Details required* is enabled, they will have to fill a text area to
   continue.

> For having discrete unsubscriptions from other recipients than the mailing
> lists, you need to add a glue module that adds 2 fields in the associated
> model:

Reviewer: "discrete" is not too easy to understand, and maybe the model already has those fields. I'd reword this paragraph like this:

```suggestion
To allow managing unsubscriptions per record for other recipients than the
mailing list contacts, the associated model needs to include these fields:
```

Author: I know that for us Spanish people, it sounds weird, as we tend to translate it as `discreto`, which relates to someone cautious, polite, etc, but seeing the meaning, it seems the exact term:

https://dictionary.cambridge.org/es/diccionario/ingles/discrete
https://dictionary.cambridge.org/es/diccionario/ingles/discretely

Reviewer 2: It always reminds me of this Futurama joke
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/5040182/85298044-dc7bef00-b4a3-11ea-8eab-6bb78bcdfbdd.png)

> - `opt_out`.
> - Either `email` or `email_from`.
> 
> See `mass_mailing_custom_unsubscribe_event` for an example.

Reviewer: I think it makes sense for this module to provide an `AbstractModel` that makes these operations, so other modules such as `mass_mailing_custom_unsubscribe_event` only have to inherit it.

BTW, you're mixing syntaxes here, ans shouldn't the glue module be prefixed with the core addon it's based on? `mass_mailing_event_custom_unsubscribe`?:

```suggestion
- ``opt_out``.
- Either ``email`` or ``email_from``.

See ``mass_mailing_event_custom_unsubscribe`` for an example glue module
that adds this feature to events.
```

Author: The name is put that way for having all of them grouped together, as it depends on the main one, so that's the main factor. Even more, this module doesn't depend on `mass_mailing_event` on purpose, as it's not needed, as that one only adds some UI commodities.

Author: I'm also not providing any AbstractModel as being only 2 fields that can collapse with existing ones, so I prefer that people defines them as their taste. It's not adding a valuable piece of reusable code, taking into account that most of it will be even rewritten for adjusting it to the target model.
